What's wrong with this Chen Chao?
Well, your office looks really nice.
Oh, so many books!
Can you finish it?
Don't mess with my stuff
Hey, isn't it unclear? Give it to me
Hmm, this is too beautiful, isn't it?
You give it to me when did you give it to me?
Uh, I'm not
Sorry.
Su late qing
You are not allowed to touch my things again
Wait a minute.
They will send over all the information within half a year
I'll come back and think about it directly
Finally gone
I just saw a handsome guy in the office
Go have a look
Mr. Fan, Mr. Fan is always good
Why is Mr. Fan different from usual today?
Yes!
Mingming is engaged and brings a female secretary to the company
Why did this person become a personal secretary directly?
You said Secretary Su
How can you approach Mr. Fan at work?
Take the initiative, don't you know that the strong girl is afraid of jackals?
Which man can withstand a woman's initiative?
If I had known that Mr. Fan likes to take the initiative
I was already on it.
This promotion and salary increase are not just in sight
Then you should go, I'm not going